hey whats up guys this is dubs from
chubbs 1231 and actually a couple days
ago I peed a world record for the most
powdered doughnuts in three minutes the
world record was four and three minutes
I actually got six and I didn't ever get
a chance to send that in to the world
record people but I have that recorded
and i'm going to show you guys it after
this little introduction thing and yeah
here go so what's up I'm dogs I thought
there's your avi we're gonna try and
break the powdered donut record you have
to eat 34 minutes 14 agree yeah we're
going for 4384 dream where's the three
yeah his floor in three minutes we're
going for five and three minutes
students stirs we have staff watch right
here stop let me get you guys a better
view are these upregulation back here we
go yeah
Oh what I wasn't getting a grant so
we're trying to be
I'm a fabulous one
oh very fancy kids watch daddy we have
our witness coming set with it wait we
got our official stop watcher precious
talk watcher don't wait wait timeout
timeout each and one of this it's a
stopwatch I keep your hand side I'll
keep it right here for you guys to look
at you can ready house where we go set
go
what's the record again more group oh so
I gotta wait till 30 40 oh sorry I'll
just continue with this hard okay its
one ya won't finish fun I know Oh what
happened show hey look a look
all right no tact okay here good kichu
in there okay you're good well minute 25
is gone bye have a good day does your
free
you're good come on minute 50 we gonna
haves I know you got rockin photo / say
oh I level two minutes over jay's is it
two minutes only
okay then the game that's a later that's
it there's a record-breaker
to record breaker right there 240 go
back go to 45
if they eat that piece to that mini
messed up wood that's right
255 hey oh we got a ditch 56 signal yeah
05 06 and I five right in front of ODT
oh my god you guys in this case he just
beat the world record for eating donuts
in three minutes hotter doors powdered
my bed that with my lips